---
title: PAT A1077
date: 2017-02-06 21:24:10
updated: 2017-02-06 23:30:12
categories: algorithm - PAT
tags: 
keywords:
description:
typecho_id: 101
---

The Japanese language is notorious for its sentence ending particles. Personal preference of such particles can be considered as a reflection of the speaker's personality. Such a preference is called "Kuchiguse" and is often exaggerated artistically in Anime and Manga. For example, the artificial sentence ending particle "nyan~" is often used as a stereotype for characters with a cat-like personality: Itai nyan~ (It hurts, nyan~) Ninjin wa iyada nyan~ (I hate carrots, nyan~) Now given a few lines spoken by the same character, can you find her Kuchiguse? Input Specification: Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line is an integer N (2<=N<=100). Following are N file lines of 0~256 (inclusive) characters in length, each representing a character's spoken line. The spoken lines are case sensitive. Output Specification: For each test case, print in one line the kuchiguse of the character, i.e., the longest common suffix of all N lines. If there is no such suffix, write "nai". Sample Input 1: 3 Itai nyan~ Ninjin wa iyadanyan~ uhhh nyan~ Sample Output 1: nyan~ Sample Input 2: 3 Itai! Ninjinnwaiyada T_T T_T Sample Output 2: nai #include "stdio.h" //#include "math.h" #include "string.h" //#include "algorithm" //using namespace std; int n, minLen = 256, ans = 0; char s[100][256]; int main(){ scanf("%d", &n); getchar(); for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) { gets(s[i]); int len = (int)strlen(s[i]); if (len < minLen) { minLen = len; } for (int j = 0; j < len/2; j++) { char temp = s[i][j]; s[i][j] = s[i][len - j -1]; s[i][len - j - 1] = temp; } } for (int i = 0; i < minLen; i++) { char c = s[0][i]; bool same = true; for (int j = 1; j < n; j++) { if (c != s[j][i]) { same = false; break; } } if (same) ans++; else break; } if (ans) { for (int i = ans - 1; i >= 0; i--) { printf("%c", s[0][i]); } }else{ printf("nai"); } return 0; }