---
title: PAT A1116 . Come on! Let's C (20)
date: 2017-03-02 22:35:00
updated: 2017-03-07 15:16:30
categories: algorithm - PAT
tags: map
keywords:
description:
typecho_id: 260
---

"Let's C" is a popular and fun programming contest hosted by the College of Computer Science and Technology, Zhejiang University. Since the idea of the contest is for fun, the award rules are funny as the following: 0\. The Champion will receive a "Mystery Award" (such as a BIG collection of students' research papers...). 1\. Those who ranked as a prime number will receive the best award -- the Minions (小黄人)! 2\. Everyone else will receive chocolates. Given the final ranklist and a sequence of contestant ID's, you are supposed to tell the corresponding awards. Input Specification: Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives a positive integer N (<=10000), the total number of contestants. Then N lines of the ranklist follow, each in order gives a contestant's ID (a 4-digit number). After the ranklist, there is a positive integer K followed by K query ID's. Output Specification: For each query, print in a line "ID: award" where the award is "Mystery Award", or "Minion", or "Chocolate". If the ID is not in the ranklist, print "Are you kidding?" instead. If the ID has been checked before, print "ID: Checked". Sample Input: 6 1111 6666 8888 1234 5555 0001 6 8888 0001 1111 2222 8888 2222 Sample Output: 8888: Minion 0001: Chocolate 1111: Mystery Award 2222: Are you kidding? 8888: Checked 2222: Are you kidding? #include <stdio.h>#include <math.h>#include <string.h>#include <algorithm>#include <iostream>#include <map>#include <vector>#include <queue>using namespace std; map <int, string="">mp; bool isPrime(int v){ if (v <= 1) { return false; } int sqr = (int)sqrt(1.0 * v); for (int i = 2; i <= sqr; i++) { if (v % i == 0) { return false; } } return true; } int main(){ int n, temp, query; scanf("%d", &n); for(int i = 1;i <= n; i++){ scanf("%d", &temp); if (i == 1) { mp[temp] = "Mystery Award"; }else if(isPrime(i)){ mp[temp] = "Minion"; }else{ mp[temp] = "Chocolate"; } } scanf("%d", &query); for (int i = 0; i < query; i++) { scanf("%d", &temp); map<int, string="">::iterator it = mp.find(temp); if (it != mp.end()) { printf("%04d: ", temp); cout << it->second<</int,></int,></queue></vector></map></iostream></algorithm></string.h></math.h></stdio.h>